Add Action Cable Release Notes (#36166)
rails/rails: guides/source/6_0_release_notes.md

### Removals

*   Replace `ActionCable.startDebugging()` and `ActionCable.stopDebugging()`
    with `ActionCable.logger.enabled`.
    ([Pull Request](https://github.com/rails/rails/pull/34370))

### Deprecations

> There are no deprecations for Action Cable in Rails 6.0.

Reviewer: We are not following this style elsewhere but I like it. Can we prefix it with `*` like other entries?

### Notable changes

*   Add support for the `channel_prefix` option for PostgreSQL subscription adapters
    in `cable.yml`.
    ([Pull Request](https://github.com/rails/rails/pull/35276))

*   Allow passing a custom configuration to `ActionCable::Server::Base`.
    ([Pull Request](https://github.com/rails/rails/pull/34714))

*   Add `:action_cable_connection` and `:action_cable_channel` load hooks.
    ([Pull Request](https://github.com/rails/rails/pull/35094))

*   Add `Channel::Base#broadcast_to` and `Channel::Base.broadcasting_for`.
    ([Pull Request](https://github.com/rails/rails/pull/35021))

*   Close a connection when calling `reject_unauthorized_connection` from an
    `ActionCable::Connection`.
    ([Pull Request](https://github.com/rails/rails/pull/34194))

> *   Convert the ActionCable Javascript package from CoffeeScript to ES2015 and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*   Convert the Action Cable Javascript package from CoffeeScript to ES2015 and
```

    publish the source code in the npm distribution.
    ([Pull Request](https://github.com/rails/rails/pull/34370))

*   Move the configuration of the WebSocket adapter and logger adapter
    from properties of `ActionCable` to `ActionCable.adapters`.
    ([Pull Request](https://github.com/rails/rails/pull/34370))

> *   Add an `id` option to the Redis adapter to distinguish ActionCable's Redis

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*   Add an `id` option to the Redis adapter to distinguish Action Cable's Redis
```
